// Backlog of tasks

2) If user is logged in they should not be able to see the login/register page. 
3) Write test code for the custom validator I created in areas of interest registration. 
6) Once API validation is complete comment both components where necessary and move on!
7) Fix the express validation depreciated method. 
9) Need to test the checkFields method and API in general for the registration. 

// Tasks for the 18th/01/2018

Before moving on make sure that the registration process is complete. 
This means that I need to reduce the amount of for loop iterations used by setting a custom message. 

Complete test code for the basic registation and for the add areas of interest. 
Make sure both sections are mobile responsive. 

If this is completed begin work on the paths section. 
Complete tests now with age check as well front end and back end. 

//Need to fix the issue with the delete buttons in the areas of interest registration. 

Plan for 22/01/2018

1) Fix the delete issue. (completed)
2) Create guide to the API with what values should be returned based on the check. (completed)
2) Complete test for each and every check in the basic registration and areas of interest registration. 

Completing the tests did reveal some code that wasn't working and a way to add an additional field which could 
have caused a variety of errors. 

Plan for 23/01/2018

1) Fix test that is failing. (completed)
2) Ensure current part of registration is mobile responsive
3) Begin work on adding there work history as the next section of registation
4) Then figure out how to add a profile picture to their profile. 

Writing the test code revealled how three of my validators where not working as expected

Same with the home page users should not be able to access the register or login page if they are already logged in. 
Then need to do the three tasks outlined above so I can move on after checking if everything is working. 
Need to make sure cross site scripting doesn't work for my forms. 
India does not work for basic registration
Need to make sure that logout method is working correctly
Need to fix the registration process for the users. 

Plan for 24/01/2018

Make sure registation component is complete. (complete)
Make areas of interest mobile responsive (complete)
Begin work on employment history

Taking inspiration from LinkedIn for the employment history. 

2) Make the first three pages of registration completely mobile responsive (complete)

1) Go back to the areas of interest and organize it like the job history as it's much easier to maintain.(complete) 
3) Continue work on job history validation doing appropriate tests for the job history, will need to pass
the age again. 
4) Look into using Selenium web driver and Python to automate the front end testing. 

Plan for 28/01/2018

2) Get the job registration page working. 
1) Need to change all the input types in the form to text and do a string checker javascript for basicRegistration, 
areas of Interest registration and job history registration. Then added the appropriate is int methods in the validations
and tests. 
4) Bio page is where users should be able to add their favourite books and movies. 
5) Need to go through the tests and make sure they are catching out non string values. 
6) Complete sanitizations of basic registration, areas of interest and job history. 

Plan for 29/01/2018

1) Santiize req methods one sanitization for each request. (complete)
2) Complete string checker for basic registration. (complete)
3) Complete job history including validation and tests. 

Paln for 30/01/2018

1) Create method to check the size of the inputs as that might be an issue on the server. (server already does this)
2) Complete job history including validation and tests. 
3) Create the same thing for education. 
4) Create the bio page. 
5) Allow users to upload profile piture. 

//Complete the different types of validators and relevant guide. Replace old validation code with this. 
//Add the undefined checks for each of the methods as well. 
//Create a parameter checker that can be used for all my autogenerate stuff. 
//Complete the auto generated tests and then change the tests over to get it to work. 

Plan for 31/01/2018 - Registration day. 

Add the undefined checks for each of the methods. (complete)
Complete the auto generated tests and then change the tests over to get it to work. 
Make the instnt messaging format in the same style as intercoms customer support option
https://www.intercom.com/customer-support-software
//Build the chat app using this guide: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rL-dJcxC8X8&t=28s
Complete the null checker and add it to each page. git 
Go through the actual string validator and make sure I'm doing a test for each of those methods. 
//Tommorow create the document with the boxes outlining the process for validation and the generated 
test to finally move on from this hell hole. 

Plan for 02/02/2018 
Fix the field checker so it passes through an array of values as well depending on If
it is an array or non array value. 

Plan for 03/02/2018

Fix job history
Fix education section. 
Fix the field checker so it checks through all the values similar to the other methods. 
// Download font awesome so nothing has to be downloaded for Mentoid to load. 
// For update job history and update areas of interest need to implement a skip method. 
// Complete the upload of user profile picture. 

Plan for 04/02/2018

//Implement if image doesn't exist feature where it returns a value and then change logged in user so it either displays their username or their image. (Complete)
//Need to figure out how to size images upon upload so they are all the same size across the website. (Don't need to simply style it with CSS)
//Complete the education and preferences sections. 
//Need to make sure confirm password is hashed. (Appears to be working.)
//Need to complete current registration section. 
//If user uploads a JPG then a PNG they can have two pictures stored which may be an issue. (Need to correctly delete files)
//Make sure that the job history and education is getting added to the database. 
//Need to begin the messaging application as well. 
//Create home profile similar to LinkedIn. 
//Need to catch the 500 error for profile picture. 

Plan for 06/02/2018

//It breaks when it is in a subfolder, need to change anything from sub folders to main folders. 

1) Get job history and education adding to MongoDB database correctly (Complete)
4) Mentor preferences (Come back get back end and validation working to see if it adds to database successfully)
5) Mentee preferences
3) Create home profile similar to LinkedIn. 
2) Need to get validation and tests working correctly for job history and education. 
6) //Need to create different versions of the different registration sections as components. And then import them into the different 
registration sections without the instructions texts, so they are sepearated and can be reused. 

Plan for 07/02/2018
Copy over different components without style information and put it in drop downs. 
Probably need an email reset link as well, or a one time passcode. 
Need to put a limit on the profile picture image size as well. 
User logged in and user active is quite different. 
Add a css hover that adds a plus over the user so that they can uplod a new profile picture. 
Need to seperate the current registation into seperate components, the problem needs to be. 
//Need to figure out how to add different sections similar to LinkedIn in the profile section to splice it up. 

Plan for 10/02/2018

1) Social Media section need to post the various elements to the database and then retreive them as well on page load. (completed)
2) On the edit profile page need to add an if statement for when the user does not have a profile picture on their profile. (completed)

//Issue is that I will not be able to update as it is navigating to another page. Need a way to communicate with the component. 

1) Need to sepeare the different sections of the forms into there own components so I can use them for the edit profile section 
   as well. (completed)
2) Need to add success messages to the different components and figure out how to redirect the users without having them redirect in the 
edit profile page. (This will be done via emits need to look up youtube tutorial how to do this.)
2) Should try to refactor and combine the code so it is in the same format as the basic registration where there isnt a seperate code for the mobile
and desktop versions. 

Plan for 11/02/2018

1) Figure out how to emit from child component in VueJS. 
2) Add success messages for the current forms. 
2) Fix the job history and education delete so that it works. 
3) Complete the edit profile page. 

Plan for 12/02/2018

1) Figure out what the job history bug is that isn't allowing job history to pass. 

Plan for 13/02/2018

10 mins (Complete the Mentee Preferences section) (Complete)

//End of day tasks for when I'm abit stupider
Add all the validation for Mentee and Mentor preferences. 
Fix CSS issue with the colors used in the checkbox. 
Add drop down menus for Edit profile page to make it smaller and more organized. 
Fix registration section so there is a forward and back button on every page of registation. 

Fake Data (1 Hour)

//Come up with a route that allows me to upload an entire user
//Come up with the various arrays and json data that can be used to retrieve the data and put it in an object. 

Install JQuery and then parse the html that has been received. 

Continue work on generating area of interest data using the generator route. Take the areas of interest original route and update 
field checker so that it works in the same way as the other. For readability and so it can be used again. 

Didn't do a check for the different types of degree level. 

Education section need to make it higher percentages for high school and vocational, and people that have a PHD must have a bachelors, And
a masters to make this more realistic. Use probabilitys or percentage somehow to do this. 
Need to fix the start year and end year of the education page as well. 
Need to change field checkers and make sure all the edit profile section is working again. 
Change the select boxes to the bootstrap version and get rid of the select all option or see if there is an equivalent in bootstrap. 


//Fix bug in job history that is causing validation failure. 
//Complete mentee preferences validation. 

//Maybe if I don't return anything in the methods it will run concurrently without the use of command prompts and different windows. 

Plan of action get Mentee Data Generated. 
Fix field checker methods. 
Validate Mentor and Mentee Preferences. 
Come up with matching for complete profiles. 
Quick search 
Advanced Search 
Match each user with a random number of mentor and mentees. 
Use condor to match all users. 
Need to add logging when users register, and when they sign and and log out. To a log file. 
Fix issue with job history titles. 

Need to seperate the update areas of interest generator I think it was so that it uses the actual method and 
add an additional route to update the number of likes etc for the different videos. 

//Need to complete the update of the location information and then figure out how to add profile pictures. 

Need to set the information at the beginning when a user registers. 

Find out why education is not uploading successfully and being retreived to the education form successfully. 
//Need to complete the edit profile form. 

Complete the registration and edit profile section today. 

//Need to make sure the mentor and mentee preferences section is actually updating and working. 

Going to get the country to appear for the education section.(Complete)

//Adjust the profile picture so it retreives it if user already has one. 
//Complete the mentor and mentee preferences section. 

//Add globalisation option in header menu in a settings icon. 
//Once I complete the field checker need to go through all the methods used and make sure they follow that format. 
//Complete the edit email section. (10 minutes)
//Abstract the profile picture code and add it to the edit profile page as well. 
//Go through registration page and see whats wrong with the social media section. 
//Need to make first name and last name update title case. 
//Stop emails being title case. 

Plan for 19/02/2018

1) Get the mentor and mentee preferences section fully working. 
2) Figure out how to make the matching algorithm work. 
3) Go through the reigstration section to figure out what is going on. 
4) Need to add logging to the different routing methods so I can see whats causing them to crash. This will actually be useful and 
will be good to write about as if an error appears in the log, it can help with the debugging process. (Complete)
5) Need to add ignore for profile pictures. 
6) Need to add success logging for registration, logging in, logging out and updating different sections. 
7) Need to check if any results are returned in request if not need to send a timeout response. Need to catch if no users are found. 
8) Fix the log error for job history so it actually tells you what was passed to the message so I can figure out whats going wrong. 
9)First name can only contain Alphabetical characters","value":"Bette-Ann"

Mentee preferences get (20 minutes. )

Need to figure out the best way to get the areas of interest values checked off and updated. 

Plan for 20/02/2018 

Search bar, 
Implement just the front end of the advertsers dashboard, paths and content section, for social just list some random profiles with some posts. 
Don't worry about like button logic etc. The point is will be to show a whole flow throughout the website. 
Fix areas of interest retrieval, and mov
Should probably add a breadcrumbs navigation some how. 
Check for broken links and 404's automaticatlly some how. 

Need to switch mentor preferences and mentee preferences to MentorPreferences, MenteePreferences to make it clearer. 
//Generate better latituudes and longitudes to create more matches. 
//Need to modularise the methods inside of the search so they can be tested. 
//Need to fix the language generation as no one speaks two languages. 
// Do need to update gitignore to ignore the profile pictures. 

Fix the generator for longitude latitude, languages and add the would like to Mentor option. (30 minutes)
Language options (complete)
WouldLikeToMentor (complete)
Location (complete)

Add success logger messages and error log messages. (45 minutes)

When I get back finish the logging for everything making sure it's properly set up to understand why user registration is failing. 

Continue working on the mentor preferences section get it working for both new users and fake generated users. 
Talk about monitoring and how it would work. 
Change it so profile picture is not got from avatar in the client but from the server. 

1 hour (Mentor and Mentee section.
Fix the issue with the hasProfilePicture and then go through the registration process one more time before focusing on matching. 

Pna for the 25/02/2018

Make the genereator synchronous 20 mins. (Not allowed to go back to this. )
Fix the has profile picture bug. (Appears to be fixed.)
Complete the matching algortthm 140 mins. 

When I get back figure out how to ignore the current user in the aggregrtion pipeline. 
And go through the error console logs to figure out what is going on. 

Do the education matching,
Abstract the rest of the method. 

Complete the populate shared interest object. 

Change has same or less experience to the same array and figure out why it is responding with so many users. 
Copy how udemy shows freelancers. 
Figure out whats wrong with job history and education now. 

Put a fixed button on the mentor match page so it is easy to message or apply at any stage. 
Need to figure out how the education match is actually working to ensure its doing what I need it to do. It needs to match
the mentors education to the mentees preferences, and the mentors preferences to the mentees educational level. And then see
if their preferences match.  

For the mentor listing seperate it so the buttons are in a seperate row below them and are centered this
will reduce the ridicolous width of the buttons. 
Need to also add the spinning Mentoid logo for when it is loading. 
Need to get rid of the area of interest that has already appeared in other areas of interest. 
Fix social media screen shot issue. 
Lower case the username and email. 

Plan for 27th 

Complete the match profile section. (1 hour)
Fix the bug in the age section. 
Eventually come up with a compatibility score. 
Revamp the design of the other completed sections of the website to use the display box. 
Complete the mentee matching. 
Create the script that will automatically match exisiting users. 
Complete users profiles showing exisitng mentors and mentees. 
Allow users to accept requests from other users. 
Add the waiting list functionality. 

Plan for the 28th, complete the fun run through of the apply section. Application, waiting list and manaing relationships. 

//Fix the age bug. 
//Fix the jump to mentee settings bug. 
//Complte the drop down menu for the manage relationship page for each section. 

30 mins
Drop down section for each, 
Fix the column to 8
Add the numbers beside the titles. 

Fix the organization of the manage relationship routes and create getters for each and then abstract them into seperate components,
to make it easier to organize. 

Use element ui collapser
Should probably check if they are already on the waiting list before showing them in the results again. 
Need to add indexing to MongoDB databaase as well. 
Need to delete the social section for now. 
The current mentors need to show what area of interest they are mentoring you in. Should be able to filter the page by that
as well. When a mentor is pushed onto current mentors they need to have the value stored somehow. 
Need to create a get compatibility method. 
Need to allow mentors to have two preffered formats not just one. 
Go through the mentor matching and get it so that view profile can go back to the results, and that they can apply without having 
to click view profile to apply first. 
Where hrefs are used on the managing relationships page change them to navigate to. 
In the manage relationship section, create forms that are populated for the mentoring agreement details, create a document 
upload field, and copy exactly what mentor city did in the easiest way possible. 

Fix the online and in person matching process for both mentors and mentees and then come up with a method to work out the compatibility. 
CHange the first form to countries instead of languages. 
Need to remove duplicates from online and in person lists. 

Continue working on the compatibility score I think it needs to be watched or computed as it changes. 
When a user ends a relationship, give them a star rating that can be shown in the matching process. 
Include skype, email address or mobile contact number that is only available on the relationship manager page once a relationship has been 
established. Will need to create a settings page for this as well. 
Create a message when no potential mentors are found. 
Need to make the default mentor and mentee settings set, so that they are all definied to improve matching, where the user will have to edit,
when the user completes basic registration add the normal settings. 
them to make it more specific to help with users who will likely ignore the form. 
Need to change the unknown users homepage so that it is mobile responsive. 
Need to do an entire mobile responsive run through. 
Need to fix the mobile menu navigation bar. 
Create the view profile page/user home page. 

The issue is to do with the mentors interest object it needs to push the individual elements not the mentors interest object. 
Need to check if the similar interest objects is already populated if not I need to populate it in the same place the other interests are 
populated. 

Update the internationalization menu so that it includes the options in the native language. 
Mentor and mentee settings include the do not want to mentor recommendations